Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t – you’re right. #Henry Ford
Becoming is better than being. #Carol Dweck, Mindset
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I’ll go to it laughing. #Herman Melville, Moby Dick
The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day gets on. #Charles Dickens, The Old Curiosity Shop
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. #Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it. #Rafiki, The Lion King
If I had nine hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend the first six sharpening my axe. #Abraham Lincoln
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven. #   John Milton, Paradise Lost
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. #Stephen Hawking
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure. #Stanley McChrystal
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me. #Michael Scott, The Office
The question isn’t who’s going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me? #Ayn Rand
Kid, there are heroes and there are legends. Heroes get remembered, but legends never die. Follow your heart, kid, and you’ll never go wrong. #Babe Ruth, The Sandlot
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. #Michael Jordan
There will be little rubs and disappointments everywhere, and we are all apt to expect too much; but then, if one scheme of happiness fails, human nature turns to another; if the first calculation is wrong, we make a second better: we find comfort somewhere. #Jane Austen, Mansfield Park
Fight till the last gasp. #William Shakespeare, Henry VI
Do or do not. There is no try. #Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back
Be men, or be more than men. Be steady to your purposes and firm as a rock. This ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and cannot withstand you if you say that it shall not. #Mary Shelley, Frankenstein
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. #Judy Garland
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. #Charles Kingsleigh, Alice in Wonderland (2010)
Man is only truly great when he acts from the passions; never irresistible but when he appeals to the imagination. #Benjamin Disraeli, Coningsby
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too. #Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
Hey there, Mr. Grumpy Gills. When life gets you down do you wanna know what you’ve gotta do?  Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. What do we do? We swim, swim. #Dory, Finding Nemo
We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained. #Marie Curie
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. #Salvador Dali
If something is wrong, fix it now. But train yourself not to worry, worry fixes nothing. # Ernest Hemingway
Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending. #Jim Hensen
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. #Robert Louis Stevenson
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who’ll decide where to go… #Dr. Suess, Oh the Places You’ll Go
Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly. #Neil Gaiman, The Sandman
For artists, scientists, inventors, schoolchildren, and the rest of us, intrinsic motivation#the drive to do something because it is interesting, challenging, and absorbing#is essential for high levels of creativity. #Daniel H. Pink, Drive
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. # Thomas Jefferson
Do what you do so well that they will want to see it again and again and bring their friend. # Walt Disney
So many things are possible just as long as you don’t know they’re impossible. #Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth
Everything should be made as simple as possible but not simpler. #Albert Einstein
Innovation distinguishes from a leader and a follower. #Steve Jobs
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it. #J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. #George Addai
I can’t go back to yesterday because I was a different person then. #Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it’s yours. #Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged
There is only one way to avoid criticism. Do nothing. Be nothing. Say nothing. #Aristotle
It is not the spoon that bends, it is only yourself. #Spoon Boy, The Matrix
Quality is job one. #Henry Ford
Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE. #Joss Whedon
The best way out is always through. #Robert Frost
It isn’t the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it’s the pebble in your shoe. # Muhammad Ali
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. #John Quincy Adams
Speak softly and carry a big stick. #Theodore Roosevelt
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. ―Mark Twain
It’s life. You don’t figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride. ―Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
There’s zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas. #Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can’t Stop Talking
Unless someone like you care a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better, it’s not. #Dr. Suess, the Lorax
A proud heart can survive general failure because such a failure does not prick its pride. It is more difficult and more bitter when a man fails alone. #Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart
You will never plough a field if you only turn it over in your mind. #Irish Proverb
Ignorance and fear are but matters of the mind#and the mind is adaptable. #Daniel Kish
Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it. #Roald Dahl
Someone, at some point, came up with this very bad idea that an ordinary individual couldn’t make a difference in the world. I think that’s just a horrible thing. #John Skoll
Imitation is suicide. #Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears. #Simon Sinek
Real courage is when you know you’re licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what. #Harper Lee
Genius is born#not paid. #Oscar Wilde
Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene. #A.C. Benson
The Answer to the Great Question… Of Life, the Universe and Everything… Is… Forty-two. #Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker’s Guide
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. #Thomas Edison
I’ve learned about the poetry and the wisdom and the grace that can be found in the words of people all around us when we simply take the time to listen. #Dave Isay
It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure. #Joseph Campbell
Follow your passion, stay true to yourself, never follow someone else’s path unless you’re in the woods and you’re lost and you see a path then by all means you should follow that. #Ellen Degeneres
It’s easy to solve a problem that everyone sees, but it’s hard to solve a problem that almost no one sees. #Tony Fadell
Learning never exhausts the mind. #Leonardo Da Vinci
If you’re alive, you’re a creative person. #Elizabeth Gilbert
My mother said to me, “If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.” Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso. #Pablo Picasso
The power of imagination makes us infinite. #John Muir
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity. #Seneca
Never ruin an apology with an excuse. #Benjamin Franklin
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. #Dwight D. Eisenhower
There are no two words in the English language more harmful than “good job.” #Terence Fletcher, Whiplash
Don’t persuade, defend or interrupt. Be curious, be conversational, be real. And listen. # Elizabeth Lesser
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, or not to anticipate troubles, but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly. #Buddha
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. #Truman Capote
An innovator is one who does not know it cannot be done. #R.A. Mashelkar
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put foundations under them. #Henry David Thoreau
As long as they are well-intentioned, mistakes are not a matter for shame, but for learning. #Margaret Heffernan
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. #Stephen Covey
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. #Jack London
“I’m bored” is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you’ve seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless; it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you’re alive is amazing, so you don’t get to say “I’m bored.” #Louis C.K
If we can challenge convention, we can solve any problem. #Josh Valman
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. #Ralph Waldo Emerson
In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. You find the fun, and – SNAP – the job’s a game! #Mary Poppins
If you hit the target every time, it’s too near or too big. #Tom Hirshfield
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. #Margaret Mead
You can’t change how people treat you or what they say about you. All you can do is change how you react to it. #Mahatma Gandhi
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. #Plato
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourselves. #Chanakya
What I love most about rivers is, you can’t step in the same river twice. #Pocahontas, Disney’s Pocahontas
Strength shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over. #F. Scott Fitzgerald
It’s time to try defying gravity. #Elphaba, Wicked
I have been bent and broken, but – I hope – into a better shape. ―Charles Dickens, Great Expectations
Goonies never say die! #Mickey, The Goonies
If you light a lamp for someone else, it will also brighten your path. #Buddha
Tough times never last, but tough people do. #Dr. Robert Schuller
I would visualize things coming to me. It would just make me feel better. Visualization works if you work hard. That’s the thing. You can’t just visualize and go eat a sandwich. #Jim Carrey
Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
Why are you keeping this curiosity door locked? ― Dustin, Stranger Things
When they give you lined paper, write the other way. ― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451
How many times do I have to teach you: just because something works doesn’t mean it can’t be improved. # Shuri, Black Panther
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to. # Kahlil Gibran
You be greater than your feelings. I don’t demand this of you#life does. Otherwise, you’ll be washed away by feelings. You’ll be washed out to sea and never seen again. # Phillip Roth, Indignation
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value. #Hermann Hesse, Siddartha
A man of genius makes no mistakes; his errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery. # James Joyce
Nolite te bastardes carborundorum. Don’t let the bastards grind you down.” ― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid’s Tale
Do you think miners stand around all day talking about how hard it is to mine for coal? They do not. They simply dig. ― Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Fulfillment isn’t found over the rainbow#it’s found in the here and now. Today I define success by the fluidity with which I transcend emotional landmines and choose joy and gratitude instead. # RuPaul
Thirty years ago my older brother, who was ten years old at the time, was trying to get a report written on birds that he’d had three months to write, which was due the next day. We were out at our family cabin in Bolinas, and he was at the kitchen table close to tears, surrounded by binder paper and pencils and unopened books about birds, immobilized by the hugeness of the task ahead. Then my father sat down beside him put his arm around my brother’s shoulder, and said, “Bird by bird, buddy. Just take it bird by bird.  ― Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life
Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor, the enemy of the people. It will keep you cramped and insane your whole life, and it is the main obstacle between you and a shitty first draft. I think perfectionism is based on the obsessive belief that if you run carefully enough, hitting each stepping-stone just right, you won’t have to die. The truth is that you will die anyway and that a lot of people who aren’t even looking at their feet are going to do a whole lot better than you, and have a lot more fun while they’re doing it.  ― Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. # Nikola Tesla
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. # Carl Sagan
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. # Charles Darwin
At the last dim horizon, we search among ghostly errors of observations for landmarks that are scarcely more substantial. The search will continue. The urge is older than history. It is not satisfied and it will not be oppressed. # Edwin Hubble
Only if we understand, can we care. Only if we care, we will help. Only if we help, we shall be saved. ― Jane Goodall
Don’t be afraid of hard work. Nothing worthwhile comes easily. Don’t let others discourage you or tell you that you can’t do it. In my day I was told women didn’t go into chemistry. I saw no reason why we couldn’t. # Gertrude B. Elion, Biochemist and Nobel Prize Winner
If you know you are on the right track, if you have this inner knowledge, then nobody can turn you off… no matter what they say.  #  Barbara McClintock, cytogeneticist and Nobel Prize Winner
Whether a person shows themselves to be a genius in science or in writing a song, the only point is, whether the thought, the discovery or the deed, is living and can live on. # Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You’d be surprised how far that gets you. ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
When you constrain freedom, freedom will take flight and land on a windowsill. ― Ai Weiwei
If I create from the heart, nearly everything works: if from the head, almost nothing.  #  Marc Chagall
Look at life with the eyes of a child.  #  Henri Matisse
Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world…would do this, it would change the earth. ― William Faulkner
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. #  Robin Williams
Do you want to know who you are? Don’t ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. # Thomas Jefferson
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. # Confuciusm, Confucius: The Analect
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist. # Pablo Picasso
Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence. # Eleanor Roosevelt, The Autobiography of Eleanor Roosevelt
Be so good they can’t ignore you. # Steve Martin
Hire character. Train skill. # Peter Schutz
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. They are frank in admitting this and are willing to pay for such talents. # Antos Parrish
I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done. #  Lucille Ball
We can’t take any credit for our talents. It’s how we use them that counts. # Madeleine L’Engle, A Wrinkle in Time
A little imagination combined with massive action goes a long way. – Grant Cardone
A company doesn’t exist to serve its own people; a company exists to serve the needs of the people who use its products or services. ― Richard Sheridan, Joy, Inc.: How We Built a Workplace People Love
Your potential, the absolute best you’re capable of#that’s the metric to measure yourself against. Your standards are. Winning is not enough. People can get lucky and win. People can be assholes and win. Anyone can win. But not everyone is the best possible version of themselves. ― Ryan Holiday, The Ego Is the Enemy
Failure it appears is not the regret that haunts most people; it is the choice not to risk failure at all. ― Dr. John Izzo